{
    "title": "Case File 843-11-06",
    "description": "Organization A, its potential connections, 'the Lich', and available investigative avenues",
    "timestamp": "843-11-06",
    "location": "Seaside, near main pyramid, Ruins of Ixquichpehua"
}

*Written after the [mission to the Ruins of Ixquichpehua](/chapters/so-long-for-now.md)*

The trail of clues in the Book Crime investigation has seemingly gone cold. Let us compile our accumulated evidence and see what inferences we can draw.

# Organization A
[Khargol](/characters/khargol/) was part of an unknown organization (`organization A`). His personal motivation was seemingly to [dethrone Gruumsh](/chapters/the-gospel-according-to-shargaas/), but it seems likely (given the cooperation of [Lolthian drow and tentacle-faced persons unknown](/chapters/walk-the-swine/)) to have been an organization with broader goals.

[Cazna](/characters/cazna/) seems to have cooperated with `organization A` as well: her goal of deposing Ellistrae was similarly anti-divine (although like Khargol she was acting in service of a lesser god).

`Organization A` is known to have:

* broken into the City of the Dead
* captured spellcasters, including Redyl and Hermione

## Potential Connections

### Drephis State University
If Khargol and Redyl's testimony is reliable (it fits with the [physical evidence so far](/chapters/forensic-orcaeology/)) something (possibly [magical "tuning forks"](/chapters/zombie-zombie-zombie-ie-ie/)) were being hidden in the damaged DSU library books. It seems uneconomical to posit an in-transit attack on the books to hide the contraband: therefore, it seems plausible that `organization A` has contacts at DSU.

### The Messenger's Cult
An anti-divine message seems to resonate with the [teachings of the Messenger](/chapters/rockabout/); therefore, the Messenger's Cult and `organization A` may be identical.

### The Anti-Magic League
The [Anti-Magic League](/chapters/neophytes-big-city)'s activities may be related to the Messenger's Cult, as well as Ultas Kandir. The disappearances tied to the Northern Shipments served as political cover for the passage of the anti-magic-item laws advocated by the League.

### Minister Ultas Kandir
The Minister of Trade's attempt to [deflect the king's attention from the Lich](/chapters/neophytes-big-city/) is troubling. As well, he seems to have been the key figure in the recent successes of the Anti-Magic League.

### General Nai Pouru
General Pouru was the key figure in [arranging the Northern Shipments](chapters/law-and-order-special-dictums-unit), but her affect during her trial was strange, and suggests that she may have been acting under duress. Can anything more be learned from her?

* What was the purpose of transporting prisoners to the Northern Ruins?
* Were they taken to the pyramid, or elsewhere?
* What happened to the prisoners?

# "The Lich"
Harlan was sent a [dream of dethroning Kord](/chapters/zombie-zombie-zombie-ie-ie/), another anti-divine message. Assuming that the sender of these dreams was the Lich, one could assume that `organization A` is also connected to the Lich. This is, however, a tenuous connection - the other dreams had no similar anti-divine content).

Indeed, assuming that Khargol's purpose in entering the City of the Dead was to enlist the Lich's aid for `organization A`, his immediate killing suggests that, at least, there is some separation between `organization A` and the Lich. If `organization A` was controlled by the Lich, why would Khargol need to seek an audience with him?

It's possible that the Lich's power does not yet extend far beyond the City (though far enough to ensorcle the Savage, outside the seal, and send us dreams after we had entered the City). We have no evidence yet of any other Lich-controlled activity.

# Notes
Redyl is not above suspicion - Buddy noted a feeling of ["AN ULTERIOR MOTIVE"](/chapters/walk-the-swine/) emanating, presumably, from either Redyl or the Savage. Given that he's our main source of information on `organization A`, it would be wise to develop alternative lines of investigation.

The Messenger was recently active in Abireth, though our attempts at intelligence-gathering about him have so far proven fruitless. Surely so influential a figure must have vulnerabilities to investigation - he must somehow communicate with his followers.

The connection with DSU is troubling, and suggests an organization with wide reach. The response to my pre-voyage letter may be illuminating, but if DSU is compromised there's no obvious way to ensure secure commnication with non-`organization A`-aligned staff.

"Tentacles on their faces" is quite an unusual characteristic. Assuming that Redyl was not hallucinating (and is trustworthy), these sound like troubling individuals.

# Therefore
`organization A` is a powerful, well-resourced and well-connected entity, skilled in counterintelligence and able to operate over long distances. It is very likely the perpetrator of the Book Crime, and continues to pose a threat to the security of Drephis State as well as Abireth and Eillin.

The Messenger's Cult seems the most available avenue of investigation - gathering further information on their activities may shed light on potential connections with `organization A`.

Finding and securing Redyl's lost children would help to place Redyl above suspicion, by corroborating his account, as well as providing further eyewitness accounts of `organization A` activity. (In the process, it would suggest that the "ULTERIOR MOTIVE" belonged to the known anti-orc activist The Savage).

The Abireth library or King Slee may have information on "tentacle-faced" individuals, which may provide clues as the membership, methods and motivations of `organization A`.
