{
    "appearances": [
        "galadriel",
        "hanamir",
        "hermione",
        "kandir",
        "nyanceth",
        "pouru",
        "slee",
        "tord"
    ],
    "appearances_weight": 8431108,
    "description": "The Anti-Magic League",
    "location": "Aberith",
    "timestamp": "843-11-08",
    "title": "Case File 843-11-08"
}

Recent events have illuminated new connections:

# Nai [Pouru](/characters/pouru/)

General Pouru was a member of the Anti-Magic League. She joined willingly, and was quickly placed under a curse which modified her memory and compelled her activity. Under this curse, and the direction of an AML member named "Number 6" (who always appeared in face paint), she directed the northern voyages, which were military expeditions intended to recover artifacts from the ruins of Ixquichpehua. At least one artifact, a transmuter's stone, was recovered from these expeditions.

Pouru was unaware of any connection between the AML and the Messenger. She was also unaware of any AML motive beyond its stated goal of protecting Aberith from the dangers of magic.

She had a memory she can't account for, of a prison visit from [Kandir](/characters/kandir/) and Number 6. This memory seems untrustworthy, as it seems it would be difficult for a character like Number 6 to reach a secure location like the military prison.

However, she had no incriminating evidence (or apparent suspicions) of Kandir.

The disappearances were not, as previously believed, related to the northern voyages, and remain unexplained.

There are rumours of "tentacle-faced people" in Aberith, particularly in areas like the Kiln.

# Ultas Kandir

Kandir is a skilled-enough wizard to have a familiar. Documents from his house suggests the following:

* Jao Vedit is indebted to Kandir for unknown financial aid
* Kandir had newspaper clippings about AML activity, suggesting he was researching them himself

The latter suggests that Kandir is not affiliated with the AML, but regards them with interest - as an opportunity, or a threat.

With Vedit elevated to the council on Pouru's death, and [Nyanceth](/characters/nyanceth/) dependent on him, Kandir has a strong political position. His views are likely to carry in all matters, except when [Slee](/characters/slee/) explicitly disagrees.

Kandir's familiar almost certainly saw and heard [Hanamir](/characters/hanamir/), [Galadriel](/characters/galadriel/) and [Hermione](/characters/hermione/), as well as the Half-Full Flagon. Depending on his magical ability (and other sensors in his house), he may be aware of our breaking-and-entering (although if so, he hasn't moved against us yet).

# [Tord](/characters/tord/)

Tord, similar to Pouru, was taking orders from a face-painted man, although his mission remains vague (it seems likely to have been related to the destruction of the Flats). Tord is a follower of the Messenger.

# `Organization A`

The connections between `organization A`, the Messenger's Cult, and the AML (if any) remain unknown. Tord potentially connects the cult and the AML, assuming that his employer is an AML member (whether "Number 6" or someone else).

The AML and the Messenger's Cult are not identical: Pouru was not a follower of the Messenger, although she was an AML member.

Kandir's connection to any of these organizations is unproven. Recent evidence distances him from the AML.

# Therefore

The AML has a public face and also conducts secret activities. Its clandestine arm operates with an opaque, cell-like structure, uses magical coercion (even against willing collaborators), and willingly sacrifices lives in pursuit of powerful artifacts.

Its public face, therefore, is a charade: it's providing political cover for a hidden agenda. The director(s) of this agenda are likely known only to the top tier of the organization.

Such a structure matches the profile of `organization A` - but even if it's not identical, the AML is likely a threat to the security of Aberith, and by extension Drephis State.

The AML has become the most available target of investigation. Avenues include:

* Locating and surveilling Tord's erstwhile employer - in particular, tracing the communication chain used to direct his activities
* Determining the key members of the public political organization - investigation of their connections may reveal patterns, and connections to the clandestine operations or directors. The use of magical coercion is also likely against top personnel or powerful supporters - detecting and removing such curses could provide leads and allies.
* Research the properties of a "transmuter's stone" - has such an item entered the underworld or black market? If so, tracing it to its original holder would reveal an AML connection

Goals of this investigation:

* Who directs the AML's activities?
* What is the true agenda of the AML's directors?
* Is there a connection between the AML and the Messenger's Cult, or `organization A`?
