{
    "appearances": [
        "akra",
        "bracket",
        "deladriel",
        "kandir",
        "kaz",
        "mirama",
        "nyanceth",
        "odo",
        "pouru",
        "slee",
        "the-messenger"
    ],
    "appearances_weight": 8430709,
    "description": "The Dark Lord",
    "location": "Aberith",
    "timestamp": "843-07-09",
    "title": "Case File 843-07-09"
}

*Written after the [battle with Bracket](/chapters/five-days-of-downtime/)*

# Connections

## Number Six

> “Ever since you took [Kandir](/characters/kandir/)’s bird, we’ve been watching you,” he says. “And we wanted to show you what we’re bringing.

https://southside.chillers.online/chapters/the-dark-carnival/

> “I think you know that the Anti-Magic League has certain goals,” he says. “And at this point in time, we view King [Slee](/characters/slee/) as standing in the way of those goals.”

https://southside.chillers.online/chapters/partys-over/

"Number Six", the entity that cursed Nai [Pouru](/characters/pouru/), is an 8-foot gray-green extraplanar fiend, commanding an army of mercenary yugoloths. He desires to kill or neutralize King Slee, and seems to be affiliated with Ultas Kandir.

He has a senior role the Anti-Magic League.

## AML -> [Kaz](/characters/kaz/)

Kaz is known to have possessed the Sky Arrow before the AML did. [Bracket](/characters/bracket/) claims it was stolen from him, but perhaps this is cover for a sale. When accused of the sale, he resorts to a charm spell to force a recantation.

## AML -> Messenger

The AML members who participated in the attack on the Temple of Pelor were Messenger followers - when challenged about the use of a magical artifact to accomplish the mission, one appealed to [The Messenger](/characters/the-messenger/)'s authority for the lapse.

## Messenger -> [Akra](/characters/akra/)

Akra, a dragonborn heretic following a nameless god, had a prominent eye symbol tattoo - it's a symbol that means "the power" in the untranslated Message.

## Akra -> [Deladriel](/characters/deladriel/)

Lord Deladriel supervised Akra's work.

## Deladriel -> Lolth

Deladriel bears a Lolth gauntlet and can take a demon spider form, marking him as a Lolthian follower.


# Hypotheses

## Deladriel is the Messenger

Let's say that the eye tattoo of Akra does indeed refer to the protagonist of The Message. Her zeal was strong enough to accept exile from her clan, suggesting that she acted for ideological reasons.

With Deladriel as her direct supervisor, it's plausible that he himself is the Messenger - Akra seems unlikely to accepted command from anyone not affiliated with "the power".

Therefore, Deladriel is likely either The Messenger, or works for him.

## "The Power" of the Message is fictitious

Deladriel is almost certainly a follower of Lolth, who seems unlikely to allow one of her followers to start an unauthorized anti-divine cult. Messenger followers have stated to us their distrust of Lolth as well, so she's not using it as a front for herself.

Perhaps she's spreading The Message among non-Lolth-aligned populations as a way to weaken their gods; her rivals. Whatever Akra thought "the power" referred to, it's unlikely to be a real entity. Instead, it's likely a fiction designed to convince non-Lolthians to overthrow their gods.

## Number Six commands Kandir

Let's say that Number Six is a mercenary working for Lolth. It is for some reason in her interest to gain secular power in Aberith - possibly because Aberith is the center of religious worship for her rival gods in the material plane.

Number Six is gathering power in several ways:

* Forcing King Slee into hiding, by assassination attempts
* Destroying Nai Pouru by curses and manipulation
* Establishing an Anti-Magic League with a public face that agitates for control of magic, and a private organization that attacks temples

In this power vacuum, Kandir has benefited. We know that Six has a connection to Kandir (see above), and it would make sense for Six to be Kandir's patron, increasing his political power in exchange for service.

* Elevating Ultas Kandir's power on the council by ruining Nai Pouru and possibly killing [Nyanceth](/characters/nyanceth/)

## Kaz and [Odo](/characters/odo/) are opportunistic rival crime lords

Although either would likely do business with the AML, and Kaz may have already, there's no evidence that either is more than an ally of convenience. Dismantling their organizations would not likely significantly impede the AML's activities.

# Conclusions

Let's take as a working hypothesis that the AML and The Messenger's Cult are proxies for Lolthian influence in Aberith. The immediate goals of this influence are likely:

* Further destabilize rival gods by temple attacks and conversion to The Message
* Elevate Ultas Kandir to unchecked secular power

The institutions that stand in the way of these goals are:

* The mainstream religions of Aberith
* Minister Kir [Mirama](/characters/mirama/)

# Next Steps

There's little practical we can do to shore up support for mainstream religion in Aberith, and safeguarding Kir Mirama, by itself, is likely insufficient to preserve the political balance of power.

Justice for the Book Crime is better served by investigating and attacking Deladriel's network directly. He likely has other cult cells that can be disrupted, communication methods that can be blocked, etc.

Attacking him may also yield further information on the attempts to enter the City of the Dead - was the AML trying to convince the Lich to join them?
