{
    "appearances": [
        "akra",
        "cazna",
        "deladriel",
        "kandir",
        "khargol",
        "nyanceth",
        "pouru",
        "slee",
        "the-messenger"
    ],
    "appearances_weight": 8440729,
    "description": "Conclusions about the responsibility for the Book Crime, hypotheses on The Messenger",
    "location": "The Tower of Profeus",
    "timestamp": "844-07-29",
    "title": "Case File 844-07-29"
}

*Written before the encounter with [Kandir](/characters/kandir/) in the ruins of Tania Castle*

## The Message

The Message is an exhortation to gather artifacts to free an ancient being, ascribed the power to create gods and planes.

```
Before time was The Power.
The Power created time.
The Power created everything.

The Power created the Gods from itself
The Power gave the Gods freedom!
The Power gave the Gods the Artifacts!

The Gods created the planes.
The planes created people.
People gave names to the Gods.

The Gods fought; the Gods fought;
The Gods destroyed the planes!
The Gods destroyed people!

The Power fought the Gods;
The Gods fought each other;
The Gods trapped The Power.

The Artifacts can free The Power!
The Power will give the planes to people!
(We must) give the Artifacts, to free The Power!
```

## Kandir

Ultas Kandir is a powerful wizard, apparently human, or at least a native of the Prime Material plane. He magically suborned Nai [Pouru](/characters/pouru/) and Jao Vedit, and attempted to do the same to King [Slee](/characters/slee/). He has a close working relationship with the yugoloths, and may be their employer in their current endeavors. He also controls key elements of the Amber Guard, despite our rescue of their nominal commander, Jao Vedit.

## The Yugoloths and the Anti-Magic League

The Yugoloths control the Anti-Magic League, and support Kandir's efforts. The Anti-Magic League has gathered artifacts such as the Sky Arrow, and attacked temples of various gods. They control a large army of fiends, seemingly largely confined to Gehenna.

## Lolth

Lolth is not in the same hierarchy as the Yugoloths and the AML, but supported their efforts: her lieutenant [Deladriel](/characters/deladriel/) supervised [Akra](/characters/akra/)'s crew in their attempts to attack Aberith temples. She wants artifacts as well, and is interested in controlling the Abyss.

Her lieutenant [Cazna](/characters/cazna/) coperated with [Khargol](/characters/khargol/)'s orcs to break into the Sealed City and make an overture to the Lich, an apparent failure. The Lich's interests and activities are unknown. The Book Crime was an incidental part of this mission.

# Hypotheses

## The Power is something real

Slee and Kandir both seem to believe that the secret treasure of Aberith kings contains "The Power that made Aberith." This is consistent with The Message.

## Kandir is the Messenger

If Kandir is the puppet-master, motivated by his wish fulfill The Message and perhaps ascend to divinity, most of the current threats make sense. As a wizard, perhaps he became aware of "The Power", and learned a method of releasing it that depended on controlling key artifacts and suppressing the power of the existing gods.

Somehow, he attained some bargaining power to make a deal with the Yugoloths to support his bid. The yugoloths took control of the Anti-Magic League, and separately Kandir started [The Messenger](/characters/the-messenger/)'s Cult. Simultaneously, he worked to control the council by discrediting Pouru, controlling Vedit and absorbing [Nyanceth](/characters/nyanceth/)'s position. He also oversaw expeditions to Ixquichpehua to seek The Quiznos.

Whatever "The Power" actually is, releasing it is likely to have apocalyptic effects.

## The Quiznos is valuable

It would be catastrophically bad for Kandir to gain possession of the Quiznos, because it would move him closer to releasing The Power. It would be marginally less bad for Lolth to get it.

## Responsibility for The Book Crime lies with Lolth, Shargaas, Yutrus, and perhaps others.

Organization A was a temporary alliance of third-tier gods, which caused the Book Crime to be commited. Cazna and perhaps Khargol, the lieutenants who directed The Crime, still live in some form.
