{
    "appearances": [
        "cal",
        "chunk",
        "galadriel",
        "hanamir",
        "harlan",
        "istus",
        "kandir",
        "mirama",
        "pouru",
        "slee",
        "tannin"
    ],
    "appearances_weight": 1000,
    "chapter": 100,
    "date": "2021-03-25T12:00:00-04:00",
    "description": "The Chillers pretend to be a religious performance group to infiltrate the next meeting of the Aberith Council.",
    "title": "Magister Act"
}

The Chillers discuss crashing the Council meeting, which is today. Jao Vedit points out it’s a well-guarded affair. Do we have a plan for what happens if [Kandir](/characters/kandir/) is resistant to us detaining [Slee](/characters/slee/)? Vedit suspects much of the Amber Guard is in Kandir’s pocket. 

“Does [Mirama](/characters/mirama/) have any manpower?” asks [Hanamir](/characters/hanamir/).

“The Amber Guard are the official guards of the Council. They’re the only ones typically present at these meetings, and are responsible for the protection fo the king and council,” says Vedit. “As for Mirama… she has some kind of Aquaman-type character who occasionally runs enforcement for her.”

Everyone looks at [Tannin](/characters/tannin/), who grins.

“We could try to assemble a cohort of loyal Amber Guardsmen before the meeting,” suggests Hanamir. 

“Assuming we can get in there and get close to Slee, we could just grab him and teleport away if things break bad,” says Tannin. “We have [Chunk](/characters/chunk/)’s ring, the Quiznos, and Profeus’s teleportation spell, so we could at least get Slee away from Kandir.”

“Do you think Slee himself is enchanted?” says [Harlan](/characters/harlan/). “Should we Remove Curse on him while we’re there? I could lead an invocation before the meeting—if that’s traditional—with a Remove Curse spell woven in there.”

There is much discussion on this. Vedit confirms that yes, a cleric could be present to lead the Council in prayer before a meeting, and that this wouldn’t be too far-fetched an idea.

Vedit corrals six Amber Guardsmen he believes to be uncorrupted, and brings them for backup. He also makes time to talk to Kir Mirama before the meeting, explaining his altered memories and experiences. She didn’t believe us about [Pouru](/characters/pouru/), but now with Jao corroborating this, she may be convinced. 

During this time, the Chillers ransack a temple of [Istus](/characters/istus/) (respectfully) to acquire appropriate masks, robes, and religious paraphernalia for the meeting. When the time arrives, we are decked out.

Harlan goes in with a religious Istus mask to deliver the invocation, accompanied by his altar boy, [Cal](/characters/cal/) (whom Kandir has never met) and Chunk as a woodland creature. Tannin holds a censer with particularly smoky and fragrant incense, for added obfuscation. [Galadriel](/characters/galadriel/) on the lute and Hanamir on the bagpipes form the musical accompaniment for this ceremony. 

Vedit introduces us as a special guest treat for the Council meeting. The performance goes… okay (an 11 performance check).

“The word has been spoken!” Harlan finishes the prayer, with the Remove Curse spell woven in. “Tell us, King Slee, have you learned anything new today?”

He makes an elaborate bow and touches Slee’s feet, incorporating the touch that is necessary for the spell. 

Tannin feels an unfamiliar presence in his mind, as if someone’s probing it. Tannin was keeping his mind on the bass line he was chanting (which was the bassline from Darude’s “Sandstorm”), so it’s unclear how much of his secret thoughts the perpetrator might have heard.

Slee’s memories seem to be restored. It’s not sudden—more like a gradual realization that’s evident on his face. Vedit anticipated the effect, and is keeping a close eye on Kandir, who is touching a small ring he always wears and muttering under his breath, as if casting a spell. When the ceremony is over, Kandir stands up.

“Enough with this ruse,” he says. “I knew you all would find your way in here sooner or later.”

Galadriel and Chunk pass a CON save, but everyone else in the room takes 52 necrotic damage each.

Kandir turns to a very injured Slee (perhaps most injured) and says, “Order them to leave, or I take what’s yours!”

Slee looks horrified and unsure of what to do. He stands there, frozen, realizing that something bad is happening, as his thoughts and memories come back to him—and understanding that perhaps his most trusted advisor has been manipulating him for quite some time.

Harlan presses a healing potion into Slee’s hand, helping him get the stopper out. 

“He’s poisoned your thoughts, sir,” Harlan says. “We’re here to help.”

Vedit takes Slee by the hand and leads him to the side. Kir Mirama rises to her feet, also unsure what to do. 

Hanamir sneaks behind Kandir and uses the Quiznos to BANISH HIS ASS!!!! He disappears. If he’s not native to this plane, he will be stuck in his own native plane, but either way, we at least have a minute before he returns. But there are two Amber Guardsmen who draw their weapons, indicating their alignment with Kandir.

Tannin brandishes his trident and tries to intimidate them. “STAND DOWN,” he says. His trident had been one of the handles of the reliquary, cleverly hidden.

One of the Amber Guardsmen drops their shapeshifting illusion and in its place we see what looks like an alien: it’s an Ultroloth, one of the inhabitants of Gehenna. It tries to block the front of the room by conjuring a Wall of Flame. Harlan is with the NPCs at the front (non-flamey) part of the room, and Hanamir is still out of sight. The rest of us must make DEX saves to avoid the flames. Tannin passes and takes half damage, while the rest take 17. 

Mirama comes to Slee’s aid and casts a healing spell on him. This is the first time we’ve seen her cast a spell.

Harlan is up and casts Banish on this Ultroloth, but it passes the save and is not Banished. Harlan then casts Spiritual Weapon. Chunk casts Call Lightning on the Ultroloth for 32 damage.

Galadriel casts Dispel Magic at 4th level to immediately dispel the Wall of Fire. She then gives Cal Bardic Inspiration.

Cal springs forward to make a rapier attack on the Ultroloth, using his Bardic Inspiration. However, he misses with all three swings.

Now it’s time for NPCs to go. We ask Profeus and Vedit to teleport us out of there to Mirama’s house, bringing everyone to safety.