{
    "appearances": [
        "bryn",
        "fleck",
        "frunk",
        "galadriel",
        "grizzleby",
        "hanamir",
        "harlan",
        "hjun",
        "istus",
        "kandir",
        "kord",
        "magick",
        "shinebright",
        "tannin",
        "the-savage"
    ],
    "appearances_weight": 1140,
    "chapter": 114,
    "date": "2021-09-16T12:00:00-04:00",
    "description": "The 114th questing session of the Southside Chillers.",
    "title": "114"
}


Do we want to continue with our proposal: deal with the threat to the cave town in order to gain the artifact of illusion? Now we know the outcast is [Kandir](/characters/kandir/), and that the person who could help us find him is [Magick](/characters/magick/). Yes—we decide we must pursue Magick in the hopes of finding Kandir and stopping him, for real this time.

We know her last whereabouts, and we could use our connections in Aberith to charter a ship back to the ruins.

Eleazar asks Rolan a favor: to give his sister, Ari, a job with the city.

"Lifeguard for aqueducts?" asks Rolan. "What did you have in mind?"

"Maybe she could get involved in the diplomatic arena," says Eleazar. "It's in our blood. Hopefully we can work together in the future."

Rolan is amenable to this, though he reminds him that no one will know about the town potentially coming out of hiding yet. Ari could start compiling information on the outside world that would be useful to the population, once that time comes.

[Tannin](/characters/tannin/) questions Eleazar on his name and bristles at the knowledge that Eleazar is distantly related to our nemesis.

We decide to head back toward Peloria to teleport into Aberith from there. Eleazar wears sunglasses at all times because the outside world is so bright. Before we set out, we take a long rest. [Harlan](/characters/harlan/) casts Legend Lore to gather more information about the illusion artifact.

The artifacts wield great power, and their movement should not be taken lightly, for they are not what they seem. The god that made them may not want others playing with his toys.

Harlan shares this as we set off. [Hanamir](/characters/hanamir/) speculates that maybe they're not supposed to all be brought together. Fibsy strikes up a convo with Eleazar and offers him an extra Pearl of Power-esque ring. Eleazar accepts, though he denies the attempt for Fibsy to give him a nickname (for now).

We have no issues setting out from the hidden cave town and getting to Peloria. Our teleportation goes smoothly as well. We rent some horses for a few gold and then set out to Eillin to revisit the Tiefling forest. Our airbnb at [Shinebright](/characters/shinebright/)'s former tower has been a big hit! Rich people love it. It's booked solid. We collect 500 gold in profit. We say hello to [H'Jun](/characters/hjun/). He's not sober, he's living large, but he's doing a good job. No longer sleeping all day. He maintains the vineyard out back.

Hanamir busies himself by going through all the documents from the Peloria temple, planning to burn them all when he's gleaned the info he needs. He finds correspondences with other Pelorian temples--seems pretty normal. Full of requests for help and offers of help. There's a point at which he notices several incoming letters, with no evidence that anyone responded (normally there's a copy of the outgoing correspondence). At some point recently, in the last few months, the elders of Peloria stopped communicating with the outside world for the most part. It was already isolated, but it seems like they fully stopped participating in wider society. This timing seems to correspond to the strange disappearances in town and the paranoia toward outsiders.

Hanamir stacks these papers up in H'Jun's firepit and burns it all.

After another day's journey, we're back in Eillin! Where it all began. [Frunk](/characters/frunk/) Thunderstruck is incredibly happy to see us. He throws a party for us when we arrive. [Galadriel](/characters/galadriel/) introduces him to the new party members. Frunk has made fur coats for the party members he knew of, and presents them to us proudly.

["Bryn](/characters/bryn/)'s old place is now a research laboratory," says Frunk.

Hanamir strolls to a corner and points the Mirror of the Past on his new fur coat. It was made by Frunk's wife. Before that, it was the bear part of an owl bear. He gives Harlan a subtle thumbs-up.

We visit [Fleck](/characters/fleck/)'s tavern and leave him a generous tip, this time making sure that the coins Galadriel flips to him are snatched out of the air. "Much appreciated," he says.

Frunk approaches Galadriel later. "I do have one piece of upsetting news," he says. "Word came from the north that [The Savage](/characters/the-savage/) was slain by the orcs. Have you heard this?"

Galadriel has not, but hopes that the rumor is not true.

Harlan tries to set up a shrine to [Istus](/characters/istus/) in the town. He recalls that one of the first temples he came across was a shrine to [Kord](/characters/kord/) in these woods. When he goes, he sees that the Kord shrine has fallen into disrepair. Someone has deliberately destroyed it, it seems. He's still able to set up a small Istus shrine, but he is troubled by that.

The old Lolth tower seems abandoned. Not a lot has changed since we were last here. It doesn't seem like anyone's inside, either.

Hanamir hires a crew of laborers to do some archaeology work around the old Tiefling village. They unearth a small set of books written in Infernal, which Harlan can read. There's not much of interest other than a history of the settlement. It was founded by a Tiefling named Valmus, long ago.

Other items: a yellowish orb that probably contains the soul of a champion of a god. Harlan inspects it to see if he can find out what god it corresponds to. He doesn't get much--other than they held some kind of significance to the Lolth devotees. Fibsy grabs the orb.

The spirit within the orb makes a connection with him. It feels like his body now possesses two souls.

"I am a warrior who fought to defend the god Fultus," says the soul. Fultus is a lawful good god, second to Pelor. "The connection I once had to him is severed. I'm not sure what the nature of his demise was, or its purpose, but I can no longer connect you to Fultus. If you would deliver me to a temple of Fultus, I could perhaps be freed..." Traric Munamind, the warrior, says.

Fibsy reports back. "God is dead, apparently," he says. "Wants us to leave him at a temple of Pholtus, if there is one nearby. Maybe we could break the orb? To free him?"

Hanamir ponders the books Harlan has been reading. He asks if the name Valorius appears in the books at all, as that was the name of the person whose sword we found here ages ago.

The grandson of Valmus was Valorius. Valorius would have been leading the defense when [Grizzleby](/characters/grizzleby/) attacked. But there's something odd that the sword was found intact. So for some reason, he must not have been involved. there's no mention of Grizzleby in the books. For one reason or another, it seems like Valorius was not involved when Grizzleby attacked. He is described as the fiercest warrior of the Tieflings.

The laborers eventually find some stone carvings, damaged by the fire but not completely destroyed. One carving looks like the outside of the temple where the quiznos was stored. Another one resembles a relief-map carving of the area where the three-sided coin was being kept. So the Tieflings seemed to be very aware of all these artifacts. The other carvings include a completely flat surface with a single tower rising out of it, as well as a nested carving of smaller and smaller skulls. There are five skulls that nest inside one another. A lot of care went into making this one--it's the most intricate of them all. Unlike the rest, it doesn't seem to describe a physical location. The skulls are of different shapes (indicating different types of creature, though all humanoid).

Hanamir is reminded of the "strange temple" from his Mirror of the Past vision of Kandir. There were similar symbols at that temple that may be from the same religious tradition as this nested skull carving. Harlan contemplates the object, and at first, he feels a dull pain, and then an unbearable searing where his Istus pendant touches his chest. The thoughts and knowledge that go along with this artifact are forbidden to him. Further contemplation of it, he understands, will not be tolerated. It is as if Istus is speaking to him directly on this matter.

Harlan is rattled, and takes a step back.