{
    "appearances": [
        "chunk",
        "galadriel",
        "hanamir",
        "harlan",
        "magick",
        "tannin"
    ],
    "appearances_weight": 1150,
    "chapter": 115,
    "date": "2021-10-08T12:00:00-04:00",
    "description": "The 115th questing session of the Southside Chillers.",
    "title": "115"
}

We make our way to Aberith over land, without incident. We get there, and discuss: should we buy a boat?! Nah, we decide to rent a boat instead. It's 100 gold. Pretty good deal.

We bring the Sphere of Annihilation with the plan of using it to dismantle the ruins. Fibsy rolls a nice arcana check to take control of the Sphere using its corresponding talisman. It's a day's journey by boat to the ruins. At night, [Hanamir](/characters/hanamir/) keeps watch. It's a full moon, and he can see the treeline of the islands. It seems that something large has been moving around, and many trees have been trampled. Hanamir wakes [Chunk](/characters/chunk/) and asks him to assess what might be going on. Chunk is fairly confident it's an animal, much larger than anything we've encountered previously on this island.

In the morning, our ship approaches the shore. Sure enough, large patches of trees have been torn down and snapped in half by something. It looks chaotic, not intentional. Hanamir asks [Harlan](/characters/harlan/) if he and Zotz can go scout and see what might have caused this from the air.

From the sky, Harlan can see that the knocked-down trees do form paths, as if something was knocking them down as it moved. He sees a muddy footprint near the coast--it's something with large, taloned feet. Harlan sees evidence of a recent fire, as well, about an hour or two inland on foot. We decide to head toward the campfire.

We walk through one of the trampled areas. We'd guess whatever's trampling this is roughly the size of a dragon. It doesn't seem to ever try to fly, it just walks and knocks things over. Chunk guesses a giant bird or dinosaur is responsible, and more than one of them—he sees variety in the tracks.

We get to the campfire. The creature that made it isn't around at the moment. They didn't leave much behind other than some picked-clean guinea pig carcasses. [Tannin](/characters/tannin/) and Chunk work together to try and track down whoever left this campfire. The tracks lead toward the temple.

We can see that the top floor of the temple has caved in, and we can see some of the rooms, some of which are familiar to us. We're close to the place where we exited last time, near the spinning octopus statue room. Someone's definitely been using this as a base since we left. There are piles upon piles of stone, neatly organized by size. [Galadriel](/characters/galadriel/) investigates for clues, but finds none.

Hanamir leads the way down an adjoining hallway. He comes across two corpses of tribal warriors. Harlan makes a medicine check to see if he can tell how they died. They seem to have frozen to death! A Ray of Frost situation, perhaps? They're thawed now, so it must have been awhile ago.

The hallway leads to a completely smooth door with no door knob. It does not budge when pushed. We remember that this was a door we came through from the opposite side, which required a switch. So we turn around and head to another hallway, which descends down.

Close to the bottom of the tunnel, we see someone moving! Hanamir approaches them in a stealthy manner. The rest of the crew hangs back. Hanamir sees this person placing pieces of stone into a bag. It's [Magick](/characters/magick/)! Hanamir makes no contact, but turns back to inform the crew.

Galadriel strums her lute in the most mellow way possible, in the hopes that it will soothe Magick. Magick hears this, turns, and is startled. She looks hunched, and if possible, even crazier than before.

"You all came back for me?" in a much deeper voice than we remember.

We confirm we're here to rescue her. She freezes up like a statue. Fibsy senses this is not a magical trance, she's just having a psychological episode. Galadriel asks her if it's okay to approach, and with a good persuasion roll, Magick nods. Flower petals and butterflies start floating in the air around her.

"We need to go," says Magick. She gestures toward a conveniently-timed sound of a loud bang from above, as rock and rubble fall.

Fibsy suggests having our conversation elsewhere. Galadriel offers a hand, and Magick takes it, and we head out. It takes a little convincing to get Magick to leave her stone piles behind, but the crashing sounds are persuasive. We hear two separate creatures crashing around now, and must decide which one to confront, since we can't avoid both.

Upon stepping outside, we encounter one of the giant creatures. It's a dinosaur. A t-rex, in fact. We hope it's the bigger of the two. Magick covers her eyes. "Dragon!!!!" she yells.

A faint ethereal music emanates from the sky. It is as if the music transcends planes; it has an unknown magical origin.

Hanamir creeps away and makes a Minor Illusion of a goat at a distance, in the hopes of distracting the t-rex. In just a couple steps, the t-rex attempts to smash the goat, but makes contact with nothing, and seems frustrated. It begins to sniff around on the ground. Hanamir makes the same goat illusion, slightly farther away now. After the fourth repetition of this, the t-rex starts whipping its tail around and starts looking back toward the ruins. Hanamir then switches to an auditory illusion of Magick's voice saying "heeeyyyy big fella!" from the trees. Magick is also startled by this. She puts both her hands out, points them at the t-rex... and everyone around her (Galadriel, Fibsy, Tannin, Chunk, Harlan, Eleazar) feels a surge of eight points of necrotic damage.

Feeling responsible, Galadriel casts Leomund's Tiny Hut and ushers Magick inside. "The dragon can't get you in here," says Galadriel. "Just stay put, okay?"

The t-rex that was farther away hears the sounds of the conflict and begins investigating. Now that Magick is out of sight, Hanamir takes out the quiznos and tries to banish the larger t-rex. It's banished, successfully, but only for a minute! "Okay, team, we have a minute to kill the other one!" says Hanamir.

## Initiative Order

Chunk 21
Galadriel 20
Fibsy 19
Magic 14
Tannin 12
Hanamir 9
T-Rex 5

Chunk transforms into a giant spider. Galadriel shoots an arrow out of the hut at the t-rex (and hits it in the butt for 8 damage). Fibsy uses Mold Earth to excavate five feet of earth underneath the t-rex's feet. This successfully destabilizes the t-rex and gives it trouble moving. He then uses his Eldritch Cannon, which looks like an 80s bracelet that turns into a snake. Very cool.

Tannin flies into a rage and charges the t-rex with his trident, doing 16 damage. He whips around with another stab from his trident and makes a critical hit for 23 damage! In total, that's 39 total damage on this t-rex from one angry dwarf.

Hanamir has studied the nerve centers of the large dinosaurs, knows there is one in the ankle, and targets the ankle accordingly. He successfully stuns the t-rex, and also does 19 damage. That ends the combat round!