{
    "appearances": [
        "chunk",
        "deladriel",
        "eleazar",
        "frunk",
        "galadriel",
        "hanamir",
        "harlan",
        "kandir",
        "magick",
        "tannin"
    ],
    "appearances_weight": 1160,
    "chapter": 116,
    "date": "2021-10-15T12:00:00-04:00",
    "description": "The 116th questing session of the Southside Chillers.",
    "title": "116"
}

## Initiative Order
[Chunk](/characters/chunk/) 21
[Harlan](/characters/harlan/) 21
[Galadriel](/characters/galadriel/) 20
Fibsy 19
Magic 14
[Tannin](/characters/tannin/) 12
[Eleazar](/characters/eleazar/) 12
[Hanamir](/characters/hanamir/) 9
T-Rex 5

Harlan casts Bless on Hanamir, Tannin, and Eleazar. As a bonus action, he casts Spiritual Weapon to create a giant encyclopedia tome and bashes the t-rex over the head with it (11 dmg). Galadriel shoots her crossbow again at the t-rex and hits for 8 damage, then grants Bardic Inspiration to Eleazar.

Fibsy uses the Sphere of Annihilation on the t-rex, but fails his roll. The sphere is now 20 ft from Fibsy.

Meanwhile inside the hut, [Magick](/characters/magick/) is freaking out about dragons. Galadriel tries to soothe her, saying there's no chance at all that the "dragons" can get inside and hurt her.

At the foot of the t-rex, Tannin is in full barbarian zeal. He's so happy to be here. He uses a reckless strike to hit (29!) for 13 dmg, then another hit for 17, so a total of 30 dmg to this t-rex with his trident.

Eleazar casts Phantasmal Killer to create an illusory manifestation of its fears for 19 dmg. The t-rex is in pretty bad shape at this point (and in its mind it's surrounded by clowns and meteors).

Hanamir continues to strike at the great beast for a total of 26 damage. It succeeds on a CON save, so is no longer stunned. But it's looking really beat up!

On the t-rex's turn, it becomes frightened by the illusory clowns. It takes a bite out of Hanamir for 37 damage and grapples him in its mouth. It uses a tail attack against Tannin for 20 dmg. It then flees, still carrying Hanamir in its mouth! At least Tannin gets an attack of opportunity as it turns away from him, and stabs it with his trident. (When whipped with the tail, Tannin climbed aboard via the tail, Legolas-style. He climbs up its back, throwing a wink at Hanamir, and then plunges the trident into the base of the t-rex's neck. Then he and Hanamir both Legolas down.)

"Let's wait here for the next one!!!" bellows Tannin.

Hanamir respectfully proposes that we instead head back toward the boat. Reluctantly, Tannin agrees, but takes 12 seconds to pry some t-rex teeth out of its mouth. Galadriel dismisses the tiny hut. Tannin gives Magick a piggy-back ride. Hanamir opens the ever-smoking bottle and leaves a trail of smoke behind the crew as we all high-tail it back to the boat.

On the boat, Magick seems even crazier than before. She's very happy to be leaving, though, so there's some goodwill toward us. Harlan takes her below deck to meditate together. He uses that time to both calm her down and attempt to read her thoughts. Her thoughts are chaotic: "dragon dragon dragon dragon. dragon?" When she tries to think about something other than dragons, she's confused. She knows she knows us, but there's confusion about whether we're friends or enemies. She's... deeply disturbed, after her time alone on the island.

Harlan asks Eleazar to come down and assist with "cleansing" her mind, which involves Eleazar casting Detect Magic. Eleazar sees multicolored fireworks of magical power surging around Magick's aural field, without much channeling or control. It's unlike anything he's encountered in his underground life. There's no particular school of magic standing out above the others. He nods at Harlan, indicating she's not obviously enchanted. Harlan decides to be extra thorough and cast Remove Curse on her anyway. Nothing happens. Harlan lets Magick know she can stay here and relax as long as she likes, and he goes up to the deck to congregate with the rest of the crew.

The journey back takes two or three days. During that journey, Harlan notices a calming in her, with some moments of more lucid recognition. There are some hurt feelings about how we left her on the island. Eleazar wants to make a good impression, and also help soothe her some more, so makes an insight check to see what Magick might appreciate as a gift. She's pretty single-minded about her dragon quest, but it seems like maybe she'd want some comfort--she seems scared, still. Hanamir offers Eleazar the fur coat from [Frunk](/characters/frunk/) to give to Magick. He wraps it around her shoulders and says "keep this. It's not magical. It's just an anxiety blanket." She seems to like this, and looks nice and cozy in it. She softens toward Eleazar.

"Where are we going?" she eventually asks.

"Well, right now we're trying to find some of my family," says Eleazar.

Without much incident, we arrive at [Deladriel](/characters/deladriel/)'s old mansion outside of Aberith. We find the old elf caretaker and brief him on the new guest, warning him not to allow her into the teleportation room.

"Are we cool keeping a portal to the Demonweb Pits here?" says Tannin, uneasily.

"It's much more valuable to keep them around than to get rid of them, as long as no one's pouring in from the other side," says Harlan.

Using Tannin's brewing supplies, Fibsy crafts a snowglobe of Magick's home to help her stay calm. It's his offering to her, and she warms up to him. He talks to her kind of like Foghorn Leghorn, kind of like Frank Underwood from House of Cards.

Magick is a bit more talktative now. She's asking about home a lot. She's up and about, less catatonic. We decide now is the best time to start asking her about the potential whereabouts of [Kandir](/characters/kandir/)/Thidror.

From past sessions:
"Thidror, the outcast, had tried to consolidate power. He ended up setting out on his own. he heard tell of a settlement of strange beings in the southern woods. He thought maybe he could align with them or steal from them. After some time, he was sort of accepted into their settlement. These were Tieflings, and they had an unusual connection with the weave, which underlies magical power. Thidror learned a lot while he was there. Some of the Tieflings had ancient knowledge. They told a story of an elder god who had created the others, along with these artifacts. He realized his people's problems could be solved if they could just find one or two of these artifacts. He begged his father (who was in charge here) to send a party across the sea to try to find them. His father was weary of his son's thirst for power, cast him out. He made him forget his home. The mountain dwarves, however, were willing to offer him a small exploration party. He went in search of a blade that would help him banish all the orcs from this plane. He led them on an expedition, but instead of going where he said he was going, he instead took them to Teron, where this vial was apparently stored. It was there that he betrayed the dwarves. He slaughtered the party that had helped him get there. When the news of this came back to his home, that is when his father decided to seal the city entirely and prevent Thidror from returning (and remembering). He therefore left Thidror as a problem for the rest of the world. As for the Tieflings, it's not known what became of them. Presumably, Thidror would have returned there at some point... their settlement was basically due south of here. We know that settlement... and its sole survivor. Magick!"

In a spooky drawing room, Eleazar uses minor magic to make shapes in the fireplace. He gets Magick to play along and make some fire shapes herself. He starts engaging her in conversation about family.

"Home... family... dragons..." Magick drifts off and goes quiet. "Family's dead."

Eleazar sympathizes. Some of his family is gone, too, in part because of other family members.

"I was young, and a dragon took them away," says Magick. "I was alone."

"That's awful. I'm so sorry to hear that. It feels like my family was taken away because we're hidden from the rest of the world. It's all because of this one ancestor we have who betrayed the family. You might even know who he is... we heard that he may have come through where you lived. It's a long shot," says Eleazar.

"A man like you?" says Magick.

"Yes," says Eleazar.

A spectral shield begins hovering near her. She's cast that on herself.

"There was only one time that a man came and stayed," says Magick. "He stayed a long time. And he left. And when he came back, he brought the dragon."

"Do you remember what he wanted?" says Eleazar.

"Books." She says she didn't know his name.

"Have you heard the name Thidror?" says Eleazar.

"No," says Magick.

"Was he looking for light reading, or specific books?" asks Harlan.

"I was very young. I knew he liked books, that's all."

"When you say he brought the dragon back, was he commanding it? Was it his friend?" asks Harlan.

A third eye appears on Magick's forehead.

"I hid," she says. "When I un-hid, everyone was gone."

"But you know this man did this?"

"He brought the dragon. He looked different from when I'd seen him when I was younger."

Eleazar shows her this insignia on his arm, and asks if she recognizes it. She does not. With the art supplies, she draws a crudely-drawn man. It looks like a guy. Nothing more specific. But then she adds fire behind him, and a sword in his hand. That is drawn in more detail: a cutlass shape, curved. And there's a pendant around his neck. She then darkens his eyes.

"Changed. Changed," she says.

Hanamir contemplates the sword from the picture, rolls insight (26). Magical objects draw Magick towards them (?). The sword drawing looks like an icicle. It seems safe to assume the sword is a magical artifact.

Hanamir uses Mirror of the Past on Magick. We see aTiefling child. As a child, we see Magick's parents. They're watching as Magick flies through the woods. The parents feel overwhelmed and scared that this child can fly. Next image: burning woods. From Magick's perspective, she's walking around the woods, hidden in a way where's she's traversing them unseen and unable to interact with material things. Next images: other encounters we've had with Magick.