{
    "appearances": [
        "cal",
        "chunk",
        "deladriel",
        "galadriel",
        "hanamir",
        "harlan",
        "tannin"
    ],
    "appearances_weight": 1170,
    "chapter": 117,
    "date": "2021-10-29T12:00:00-04:00",
    "description": "The Chillers encounter some restless spirits in Deladriel's old mansion.",
    "title": "A Halloween Spooktacular"
}

The team played Boom Party! Eleazar won!

[Galadriel](/characters/galadriel/) checks for haunted-ness in the mansion. It sounds like a Halloween sound effects record (wolf man howls, etc).

[Hanamir](/characters/hanamir/) finds the most abandoned looking room and meditates in it for an hour. This mansion sits at the crux of multiple planes. It seems as if, with his perception open, he can see the occasional ethereal figure moving about the mansion. It's suuuuper haunted! Some of [Deladriel](/characters/deladriel/)'s prior servants appear to be still present, doing their servant duties...

The next morning, Hanamir says, over his fantasy muesli, "This house is super haunted and is full of ghostly servants." No one is present to hear this. Except [Harlan](/characters/harlan/)! Who is having tea. Hanamir sees the ghost of an elderly halfling bustling around with a tea tray. Eleazar notes that a haunted property might elevate the value for a niche audience.

The groundskeeper we left in charge is still here, was there to welcome us, but has mostly stayed out of our way since we've been back. Today the groundskeeper (likely possessed by a ghost) informs us their name is "Beetlejuice."

"Beetlejuice, what do you know of these spirits?!" cries Fibsy (not the ghost of [Cal](/characters/cal/)).

"Many of them were here when I arrived, and some are former colleagues of mine. It seems that those who die int his house do not move on easily," says Beetlejuice.

"Are they troubled?" asks Harlan.

"I do not know. I have never successfully communicated with them. They walk right through me, they don't see me."

"Can you show us where one of them died?" asks Hanamir.

"Yes, the servant's quarters... one in particular died shortly after I arrived. She was deathly ill, and died in this room over here." Beetlejuice gestures toward the empty servant's quarters. There's an old creepy doll sitting on a bed, and a big cobweb. Hanamir points the MotP at the doll.

This servant came and worked here and had a young daughter. The two of them both became ill with a fever. The little girl clung to this doll in her final days.

Harlan dusts the cobwebs off and tidies the room a bit. Fibsy opens a window to let some fresh air in. Galadriel lights a candle and sees if she can entice spirits to make themselves known. In the dim light of the flame, she sees the face of the young girl who died. She is sitting and looking very closely at the flame, trying to interact with it, trying to feel its warmth. Out of the corner of G's eye, she can also see the mother, sitting in a chair that was just recently dusted of cobwebs.

"I don't know much about drow culture! I'm sorry! Are you all okay with being ghosts or would you rather move on? You know, drow, seems like your thing... we don't wanna mess if you're happy like this... " shouts [Tannin](/characters/tannin/).

The young girl turns when Tannin talks and can clearly hear him. When she attempts to respond, she is unable. Fibsy constructs a magical ouija board: he takes some chalk and writes a ouija board on the wall. Alphabet, yes, no, skeleton head, flower are the symbols. He uses his woodcarver's tools to make it permanent.

The young girl gestures toward the ouija board, spelling out the word "home." She then points to "no." She seems somewhat distraught.

"Harlan, you know about religion... what do we do here?" says Tannin.

Harlan is used to dealing with gods, not ghosts. He doesn't know. Eleazar wants to check for a curse. He gets the sense that there are magical effects at play, but the exact nature is unknown. He then casts Detect Magic. The school of magic here is Necromancy. The door and the window are also Enchanted. They seem to be bound here.

We hear a loud sound coming from the area that Beetlejuice went off to. Hanamir sprints in that direction. Beetlejuice has, apparently, barricaded themselves in their room. Hanamir then runs outside to look for a window. He climbs up to the second floor window and peers inside. Beetlejuice is behaving erratically: pacing, talking to themselves, etc. There is a toppled desk in front of the door, and other things have been thrown about.

"Do you know why you're trapped here?" Harlan asks the young girl.

The girl points to "no."

Fibsy gets the sense that the magic in the room has been here a long time.

"Where is home?" Harlan asks.

The girl spells out the name of a drow settlement, "Zkxsoqskzggziks." - famously, home of the Zkxsoqskzggziks Zeppelins skull-kick team.

Hanamir leads the group toward Beetlejuice's barricaded door.

"Uhhh things are getting a little spooky out here," says Tannin, knocking a the door. "Is everything okay? What's going on?"

"Just leave! just leave me alone!" says Beetlejuice.

"We really need to talk to you," says Harlan. "Can you open the door?"

We hear more furniture being moved around. Seems like things inside are getting trashed.

Fibsy takes out his tools and starts to dismantle the door lock. He struggles with it, and it seems jammed.

"Juice! Listen! We're gonna have to break down the door if you won't open it. You're scared, and it's okay! We can help," says Harlan. Then he signals the bruisers to get into position. Tannin readies the battering ram. Galadriel improvises a "So You've Got Ghosts In Your Mansion..." song of calmness.

Hanamir begins trying to open the window. Hanamir sees Beetlejuice's eyes turn black. Uh oh! He becomes Frightened. We now roll initiative.

INITIATIVE:
Galadriel 21 (ghost)
Fibsy 20
Beetlej*ice 19
[Chunk](/characters/chunk/) 15
Tannin 14
Harlan 12
Hanamir 6
Eleazar 5 (ghost)

Galadriel casts Suggestion on Beetlejuice, "calm down and let us help you." The spell fails, but she then gives Bardic Inspiration to Hanamir.

Fibsy casts Reduce on the door, to make it half its size. It works! The door is super cute and tiny now. Now all that's in our way is the desk and trash in the room. Fibsy uses his bonus action to use his Force Cannon bracelet (it turns into a snake and climbs up onto his shoulder).

Beetlejuice has now transformed into a grotesque, monstrous form. A black beam of energy comes out of her finger and points right at Fibsy. But B rolls a nat 1, so the attack completely misses. It turns a clock on the wall into a bunch of bats. The clock bats fly out into the hallway.

"Time flies when you're in a haunted mansion!" quips Fibsy, southernly.

Chunk casts a 5th-level lightning bolt at Beetlejuice. She succeeds in hopping out of the way, mostly, but take 18 damage.

Tannin wasn't sure if we were authorized for lethal action, but after the lightning bolt, he sees that "it's on." He sends his trident hurtling over the desk at Beetlejuice for 33 damage.

We notice that Beetlejuice doesn't seem to take hits the way we'd expect. Harlan and Eleazar must make CHA saves, each rolling 10.

"Can we go back for the doll, mommy?" says Harlan. Eleazar, possessed by the mother drow, nods.

Each of the two tries to use Withering Touch on other party members. Harlan tries to grab Chunk, and Eleazar tries to grab Tannin. Tannin takes 15 necrotic damage.

Hanamir, still Frightened, centers himself and dissolves the fear. He grips the windowsill with an iron grasp and propels himself spiralling through the window (taking 5 damage), landing in a defensive crouch, crane-style.

Galadriel tries to cast Crush Mind on Beetlejuice, but gets possessed in the meantime. "I'm... so... cold..." the spirit possessing her says.

Fibsy casts Wind Wall to push the possessed people back. Eleazar and Galadriel take 10 damage, Harlan takes 5. It is hard for them to move now. With his bonus action, Fibsy has his cannon hit B*j* for 18 points of force damage.

Beetlejuice casts Sleep on the entire party. But... the spell fails. Everyone stays awake.

Chunk casts another Lightning Bolt at Beetlejuice, who again dodges, but takes 14 points of damage.

Tannin charges at Beetlejuice with his trident, but is a little spooked (he had a bad experience with Dwarven trick or treating as a child) and only does 10 damage.

Harlan, possessed by the ghost of the little girl, tries to attack Tannin with Withering Touch. It hits for 19 necrotic damage!

Hanamir whales upon the caretaker, missing several attempts, but landing one right in the solar plexus, stunning Beetlejuice until Hana's next turn.

Eleazar, possessed by the ghost of the drow mother, attacks Chunk. It fails.

Galadriel, a hungry ghost, attacks Chunk as well. She is apparently Slimer. Her attack also fails.

Fibsy tries to catapult the haunted doll, hurling it into Beetlejuice for 22 pts of damage. The doll also shatters? With this, the little girl ghost in Harlan's body is defeated. Harlan regains possession of his body. She's just gone now. Fibsy uses the eldritch cannon again on Beetlejuice.

BJ is up now, barely hanging on, and is still stunned from Hanamir's turn.

Chunk does another lightning bolt on Beetlejuice, who collapses to the ground, leaving behind a small bag.

The other ghosts dissipate. Galadriel and Eleazar return to their bodies.

Tannin picks up the bag. It's filled with treats!!!!!!!!!! The bag is made of flesh though.

Biggest treat: 1000 gold's worth of candy. But also, there's a small black gem that Tannin picks up. Touching it, he becomes briefly Ethereal.