{
    "appearances": [
        "buddy",
        "galadriel",
        "grizzleby",
        "harlan",
        "hermione",
        "kandir",
        "magick",
        "sanford",
        "tannin"
    ],
    "appearances_weight": 1180,
    "chapter": 118,
    "date": "2021-11-04T12:00:00-04:00",
    "description": "The 118th questing session of the Southside Chillers.",
    "title": "118"
}

RECAP:

we have [Magick](/characters/magick/), somewhat under control
no direct understanding of where [Kandir](/characters/kandir/) would be right now
we know Kandir has an artifact that lets him cheat death

[Tannin](/characters/tannin/) rolls a 3 insight check on the idea of "why did Kandir come back to Magick's village just to destroy it?" His conclusion is that Kandir just loves destruction. He repeats this to the party again and again, louder each time. But outside of this: it seems like the tieflings had some knowledge of the artifacts, so Kandir may have been motivated to destroy them for that.

[Harlan](/characters/harlan/) casts Legend Lore about the unknown artifact. It requires so much incense, everyone starts sneezing.

A gift that gives as much as it takes. Two drops of blood, two beings entwined.  True rest can never come while the blood remains bound.

^ This is the wisdom Harlan learns.

[Galadriel](/characters/galadriel/) ushers Magick into the room with the party to grill her (gently!) for more details about Kandir that she may still remember. She's trying as hard as she can, but there doesn't seem to be much. She didn't know him, or have conversations with him.

We talk about where to go next. Our options: the City of the Dead (did he entwine himself with the Lich?), the red dragon [Grizzleby](/characters/grizzleby/)'s den (did he entwine himself with Grizzleby?).

Fibsy, in his studies, knows that red dragons are some of the most vengeful and temperamental dragons that exist. [(Buddy](/characters/buddy/) corroborates this.) Harlan suggests we give the baby red dragon we killed ages ago a proper burial and present this to Grizzleby as a sign of good will.

We ask Magick what she wants, where she'd like to be. Her main priority right now is safety. She'd be very happy to stay in the mansion. Her anti-dragon vendetta has subsided somewhat as she's realized she can't fight dragons on her own.

Eleazar suggests inventing the fantasy internet based on a system of connected Sending Stones.

We procure a set of Sending Stones for 2,000 gold. We offer one stone to Magick and tell her to keep in touch with us, as we're going to set out without her.

Harlan sizes up our odds against an adult red dragon. We know we'll be fighting it in its lair, which creates some problems. The lair is risky--the dragon can use the terrain to its advantage, there's lava, there's poisonous gases, all of which the dragon can control somewhat. Ideally, we'd want to fight it outside of its lair. But dragons are not dumb and will not be easily lured out. (Also they can fly and breathe fire)

We've fought things of similar strength before and come out okay, but we don't know what we don't know. We don't know its exact age. If it's VERY old, it could be twice as hard to fight. Fibsy speaks a little Draconic, so he could be of help in communicating with it. He knows that red dragons value treasure, but they also value information about the outside world. They find news of outside threats (especially other red dragons) very interesting, but they don't consider most things threatening. They also like trophies of defeated foes.

Potential trophies:

white dragon?
beholder eye stalk?
Kandir himself?

The consensus is to go and talk to Grizzleby. We leave Buddy (in pig form) in charge of keeping an eye on Magick (and being her emotional support pig). She'll never catch on that he's her worst fear!

We send Zotz to Aberith with a note for [Hermione](/characters/hermione/). We ask her to attach some reading material about red dragons. She sends back a book called "So Your Parents Are About To Talk to a Red Dragon," and we find it somewhat helpful. They are incredibly aggressive, territorial, and not at all personable! They don't like other red dragons! They prefer mountains, bringing them into conflict with copper dragons a lot. They have a frightful presence (which could Frighten us right away). They have fire breath. These are legendary creatures, with legendary resistance. They can choose to succeed on several saving throws per day that they would have otherwise failed on. We need to be prepared to burn spell slots. They can fly! Their lairs are quite dangerous, filled with gases that obscure vision and poison people. They can typically control volcanic activity--earthquakes and magma. They're incredibly intelligent and charismatic and have very high constitution scores and strength scores. They're weak in dexterity and wisdom, but not THAT weak...

Harlan suggests bringing Grizzleby a tribute so it doesn't kill us immediately. Also, he suggests lying about another red dragon--saying we saw one land in the city of the dead. Judge based on his reaction what his knowledge of the city of the dead is.

We also put together a list of items we'd like to buy from [Sanford](/characters/sanford/) & Son.

