{
    "chapter": 1,
    "date": "2017-09-21T17:44:34-04:00",
    "description": "Astrological trouble brews as our adventure begins.",
    "title": "Lunar Rumours"
}

🍻 Our story begins as all quests must: with a chance encounter between three strangers in a tavern. [Hanamir](/characters/hanamir/) (a half-orc monk), Harlan (a human cleric of the storm god Kord), and Galadriel (a half-elf bard) are separately enjoying their beverages of choice in this tavern when the mayor of town, Frunk, begins drunkenly ranting about a man, H'Jun, who owes him an eel brain. Our heroes learn that the eel brain is a necessary component for an "invention" that the mayor was planning to build in preparation for the town's famous Moon Festival 🌙, in honor of the town's patron goddess. He also needs red glass for the invention, but the focus was definitely on this missing eel brain. The takeaway from our conversation was that H'Jun was entrusted to bring the eel brain to Mayor Frunk, but fell asleep on the job and was robbed.

Hanamir, Harlan, and Galadriel decide to visit the would-be co-creator of this invention, someone named Bryn who lives on top of a hill near town. Bryn informs them that the invention was supposed to be something that would allow him to inspect the moon. He is very worried about his inability to inspect the moon--he won't divulge too many details to avoid causing panic, but he says he fears something is very wrong with the moon, which might prevent the Moon Festival from taking place, and worse, might devastate the entire town. (By the way, the forest right outside town is on fire? And has been on fire for a hundred years? But this seems to be unrelated? 🔥)

Our heroes then make their way to the home of H'Jun, the failed eel brain procurer. After peeking in the window to see that he's passed out on the floor, they break into his house and awaken him. In a very intoxicated stupor, he tells them the tale of how he was robbed of the eel brain by (he claims) an orc and a goblin. He pursued them as far as a well 💧, and is embarrassed to say that he was too scared to follow them down into the well because he's afraid of the dark.

But the intrepid adventurers have no such fears. They descend into the well to find a large open space with two balconies, a gated staircase descending somewhere farther down, a pile of armor, and a pile of bones 💀. As they attempt to inspect the pile of bones, two vicious goblins jump down from the balconies and attack them. Hanamir starts off strong, injuring one of the goblins and forcing him to retreat back onto one of the balconies. The other goblin attacks Galadriel with a scimitar and gravely injures her. Harlan uses magic to try to heal Galadriel. Though he sustains injuries, Hanamir kills the second goblin with a shortsword ⚔. Galadriel then uses her crossbow to shoot and kill the first goblin on the balcony. As he collapses, something can be heard falling out of his pocket.
