{
    "chapter": 2,
    "date": "2017-10-02T09:29:36-04:00",
    "description": "Our heroes seek answers...and valuable non-crystalline amorphous solids.",
    "title": "Red Glass"
}

After the goblin’s death the heroes scramble for the fallen object: a brass key. It did not fit the gate nearby, for no lock was present, but noises were heard down the stairs behind it. Before another step could be taken a large dwarf descends rapidly down the well, loudly coming to rest at the bottom of the well shaft. As the heroes are checking the health of the newcomer, they find [Hanamir](/characters/hanamir/) in an unresponsive state. After some quick introductions, the dwarven barbarian Tannin McBitters agrees to join the party, replacing the newly catatonic Hanamir. Not wanting to abandon her half-orc friend to the elements, Galadriel uses a spell of minor illusion to disguise Hanamir as the most realistic pond any of the adventurers has ever seen. A truly stunning display of magical artistry.

Having hidden their friend securely, the party sets to work getting down the stairs. Tannin takes the first shot at breaking down the gate, but a last second stumble results in a stubbed toe and a bruised ego. Harlan then brings his maul to bear on the rusty gate, sending it clattering down the stairs along with a hobgoblin who was ascending at the time. At the bottom of the stairs they valiantly face an angry orc and the dazed hobgoblin. Minutes later, after sustaining only minor wounds, the heroes have knocked the two foes unconscious and tied them up. After searching his person, Galadriel finds on the orc a holy symbol of Shargaas, a devious orcish god. A foreboding sign of things to come.

During questioning the orc proves surly and unwilling to cooperate, bragging that he had eaten the eel brains he’d stolen from H’Jun. Hesitant to seek another source of eel brain, Tannin figures a more direct route is necessary. Unleashing a fearsome roar, Tannin terrifies the bound orc into spilling his lunch all over the floor of the well. Fortunately, more than 80% of the eel brain was left undigested, so the heroes can still return victorious. After several unsuccessful attempts to extract further information, the heroes decide these captives can’t be left alive to hatch future plots, and dispatch them with little fanfare. A quick search of the upper level reveals some gold, arrows, a hand-held battering ram, and a new orcish maul, but the biggest surprise is the absence of Hanamir. After carefully verifying that they aren’t still being fooled by the best pond illusion ever, they discover that their half-orc friend has woken up and wandered away. Unnerved, the heroes return to town.

Back at the inn, the heroes find Mayor Frunk nursing a drink, but less besotted than last time. In celebration of an adventure completed, Tannin buys the inn a round of drinks, but that happy mood will not last. Galadriel lets slip that something is wrong with the moon, a worrisome prospect in the elven city, which eventually leads the adventures to share news of the orcish menace. In an effort to recruit reinforcements, Galadriel takes up her lute and improvises a truly catchy tune about the orcs that will be vanquished and the townsfolk that will rise to the occasion and defend their city from attack. Buoyed by song, the townspeople grab nearby weapons and torches and spill out into the street, focused on investigating the well and finding the intruding orcs.

Having rallied the people of the inn, Tannin, Harlan, and Galadriel seek out Bryn to discuss the second needed piece of the invention: red glass. Craftable only with sand from a far desert and fire from a dragon, the heroes decide that procuring some existing red glass would be a better bet. Unfortunately, Bryn tells them that the only red glass available is found in the stained glass window at the local temple of Eilistraee, or perhaps from a farther orcish temple cloaked in mystery and danger. The heroes decide to investigate the elven temple first thing in the morning, and gratefully accept Bryn’s offer of food and board for the evening.

Awaking refreshed, they set off for the temple, mulling over different strategies for obtaining an audience. They are stopped by Mayor Frunk who had left the inn the previous evening before Galadriel’s performance. Apparently a number of townsfolk were asking after their loved ones, loved ones that never returned from the bar the previous evening. After telling him that they recruited the townsfolk to help fight the orcs, the heroes proceed confidently to the temple.

Since she has elvish ancestry, Galadriel is appointed the spokesperson and raps on the gate. A nervous looking figure in dark robes urges them to leave immediately, but Galadriel will not be deterred. She insists on coming inside, and is granted entrance, but her companions are forbidden from joining her. As they sputter their protests, Galadriel leaves Tannin and Harlan outside and enters the temple. She soon realizes her mistake when she sees four elven bodies lying motionless on the floor. Before she knows it, she is bound and gagged, able to cry out only briefly for help. Tannin and Harlan, already nervous from the gatekeeper’s demeanor, spring into action upon hearing Galadriel’s scream. Tannin pulls out his new acquisition, the hand-held battering ram from the well, and with barbarian rage begins assaulting the imposing gates of the temple.
